The [JavaLargeFileUploader#initialize](JavaLargeFileUploader#initialize.md) step retrieves information from the server.
The information retrieved is:
  * The size of the slices that will be streamed
For all the files:
  * The [id](PendingFile#id.md) of the file on the server
  * The [completion](PendingFile#fileCompletionInBytes.md) of the file
  * The [original file size](PendingFile#originalFileSizeInBytes.md)
  * The [original file name](PendingFile#originalFileName.md)
  * The [number of bytes that have been validated](PendingFile#crcedBytes.md)
  * The [crc32](PendingFile#firstChunkCrc.md) information related to the beginning of this file
  * The [percentage of completion](PendingFile#percentageCompleted.md)
These information will be stored in a new instance of PendingFile for each of these files.

At that point, the [#Progress-Poller](#Progress-Poller.md) is started.

When the [JavaLargeFileUploader#fileUploadProcess](JavaLargeFileUploader#fileUploadProcess.md) method is executed, the API will extract the information related to all the files and fill a new PendingFile object without an ID for each of these files.


All of the files will be compared against the pending files retrieved from the server, that first validation is performed against the file name and the file size.

If the file name and the file size are similar, the API will process a second validation processing a CRC32 of a small slice of this file on the javascript side compared to the crc32 of the same slice of the file on the server to ensure these files are the same one.
That crc32 is performed by default on the 8192 first bytes of this file or the available validated size if below this value.

If the result of that crc32 is matching the one of the server, the file is assumed as the same, the two PendingFile objects are merged and the upload is resumed. => [#Resume-Upload](#Resume-Upload.md)

If the crc32 differs from the server, a new upload will be processed. => [#New-Upload](#New-Upload.md)

### New-Upload ###

When a new upload is initiated, a first server-call is performed to prepare the upload with all the file information. An ID is generated by the server and returned to the client-side to identify the PendingFile object.

Once this preparation step is performed, the JavaLargeFileUploader#startCallback is called for each of the files.

The [#File-Streaming](#File-Streaming.md) is then started for the file.

### Resume-Upload ###

The first step when resuming a file is to check that what has been last uploaded is valid.

On initialization, we have retrieved the [number of bytes that have been validated](PendingFile#crcedBytes.md),
if this value is below the [completion](PendingFile#fileCompletionInBytes.md) of the file, we have to perform a crc32 hash of the part of the file that has not been verified and check it against the crc32 value of that same part on the server.

If the crc32 are matching, the [#File-Streaming](#File-Streaming.md) is started from that [completion](PendingFile#fileCompletionInBytes.md) value.
If the crc32 are not matching, the file is truncated to match the [number of bytes that have been validated](PendingFile#crcedBytes.md) and the [#File-Streaming](#File-Streaming.md) is started from there.

### File-Streaming ###

The file streaming process is started only if the number of files currently uploading is below the value of the [ConfigurableProperties#maxNumberOfConcurrentUploads](ConfigurableProperties#maxNumberOfConcurrentUploads.md). If this value is reached, the file is queued until another one is finished or cancelled.

The file streaming process slices the file and stream them to the server. The size of the slice is defined by the configuration retrieved on [JavaLargeFileUploader#initialize](JavaLargeFileUploader#initialize.md).

For each of these slice, the file is first read using the [FileReader API](http://developer.mozilla.org/en/DOM/FileReader) to generate a crc32 hash. That crc32 is sent with the actual slice and will be used to ensure that the transmitted data is correct.

When the upload of this slice is complete, the next slice is processed using the same method.

When the file has been completely uploaded, the [PendingFile#finishCallback](PendingFile#finishCallback.md) is executed.

### Progress-Poller ###

The progress poller is an infinite loop which retrieves from the server the completion and upload rate of all the pending uploads if at least one upload is currently being processed.

It will trigger the [PendingFile#progressCallback](PendingFile#progressCallback.md) for each of them.

The rate can be configured, see [here](ConfigurableProperties#progressPollerRefreshRate.md).