#summary Description of the PendingFile object

The object contains the following information:

  * id (string) : identifier of the pending file upload
  * fileComplete (boolean) : specifies if the file is complete or not.
  * originalFileName (string) : the original file name.
  * fileCompletionInBytes (long) : the file completion in bytes. 
  * fileCompletion (string) : the file completion formatted with its unit. 
  * originalFileSizeInBytes (long) : the original file size in bytes. 
  * originalFileSize (string) : the original file size formatted with its unit.
  * percentageCompleted (float) : completion of the file in percent (2 decimal places)
  * started (boolean) : true if the file is currently being uploaded, false if it is a file present on the server filesystem and can be resumed.
  * crcedBytes (long) : amount of bytes that are validated on the server
  * firstChunkCrc (object) : the crc32 information of the first bytes of the file
    * value (string) : the actual crc32 value
    * read (int) : number of bytes which have been used to compute firstChunkCrc
  * blob (object) : the file submitted with a file input element
  * paused (boolean) : specifies whether this upload is paused or not.
  * progressCallback (function) : function processed
  * startcallback (function) : function that is called once the upload is pre initialized if the file id is not specified. It contains the following parameters:
    # the PendingFile object
    # the origin element
  * progressCallback (function) : function that will be called to monitor the progress
    # the PendingFile object
    # the percentage
    # the current upload rate formatted
    # the origin element
  * finishCallback (function): function that will be called when the process is fully complete. 
    # the PendingFile object
    # the origin element
  * exceptionCallback (function): function that will be called when an exception occurs. 
    # a string formatted describing the exception
    # the origin element
    # the optional PendingFile object. If the exception is related to the control and not a pending file, this parameter is undefined. 